docs(kic): update observability references for fallback config feature (#7467)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/kubernetes-ingress-controller/production/observability/prometheus.md

* `failure_reason` is populated if `success="false"`. It describes the reason for the failure:
  * `conflict`: A configuration conflict that must be manually fixed.
  * `network`: A network related issue, such as {{site.base_gateway}} being offline.
  * `other`: Other issues, such as {{site.base_gateway}} reporting a non-conflict error.

### ingress_controller_fallback_configuration_push_last

`ingress_controller_fallback_configuration_push_last` (type: `gauge`) provides the time of the last successful fallback configuration push.

This metric provides these labels:

* `dataplane` describes the data plane that was the target of the configuration push.

### ingress_controller_fallback_configuration_push_duration_milliseconds

`ingress_controller_fallback_configuration_push_duration_milliseconds` (type: `histogram`) provides the amount of time, in milliseconds, that it takes to push the fallback configuration to Kong.

This metric provides these labels:

* `dataplane` describes the data plane that was the target of the configuration push.
* `protocol` describes the configuration protocol in use, which can be `db-less` or `deck`.

> * `success` logs the status of configuration updates. If `success` is `false`, an unrecoverable error occurred. If `success` is `true`, the push succeeded with no errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `success` logs the status of configuration updates. If `success` is `false`, an unrecoverable error occurs. If `success` is `true`, the push succeeded without errors.
```

### ingress_controller_fallback_configuration_push_broken_resource_count

> `ingress_controller_fallback_configuration_push_broken_resource_count` (type: `gauge`) provides the number of resources not accepted by Kong when attempting to push fallback configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ingress_controller_fallback_configuration_push_broken_resource_count` (type: `gauge`) provides the number of resources not accepted by Kong when attempting to push the fallback configuration.
```

This metric provides these labels:

* `dataplane` describes the data plane that was the target of the configuration push.

### ingress_controller_fallback_cache_generation_duration_milliseconds

`ingress_controller_fallback_cache_generation_duration_milliseconds` (type: `histogram`) provides the amount of time, in milliseconds, that it takes to generate a fallback cache.

This metric provides the `success` label:

> * `success` logs the status of cache generation. If `success` is `false`, an unrecoverable error occurred. If `success` is `true`, the cache generation succeeded with no errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `success` logs the status of cache generation. If `success` is `false`, an unrecoverable error occurs. If `success` is `true`, the cache generation succeeded without errors.
```
